Ah!
Invincible bracelet
You are wearing an invincible bracelet.
You know him too?
For love Xingtian pays homage to the envoy of Wuji Temple
God what are you doing
Isn't it just a broken bracelet?
I keep my soul
That is the exclusive token of the Promise Hall
Only the core Venerable of the Promise Palace can have it
Anyone who pays birth can mobilize all the nourishment of the Wuji Temple
The leaders of various countries do not dare to ask for alms
Kneel down
Meet Mr. Zhou
I am the Swordsman
Who the hell is he?
Mr. Xiao didn't know your identity before
Offended you
suffered before
How dare I convict you of being the king of the North Sea?
Yeah!
Ah!
Offended Mr. Xiao
Should punish himself
This demon
Just treat it as the end of the world with you
I told you before.
See again
It will kill him
Come on god
Tianye Chen Yao Cave
Every time I offend Mr. Hugh
Drink it and serve it smartly
Mr. Hugh?
Give me a break, Mr. Shaw
I don't dare anymore.
today
This time it's a small show
Don't care about you
Take care of your people in the future
Next time
But it's not as simple as breaking an arm
It's a cry of gratitude
roll
Uh-huh.
Wang Shao, now it's your turn.